Adds Multimodal search page (#7706)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/search/vector.md

### Semantic search and vector search [semantic-search-vs-vector-search]

{{es}} uses vector search as the foundation for semantic and multimodal search. You can work with this technology in several ways:

1. [**Semantic search for text**](semantic-search.md) provides managed workflows for meaning-based text search:
   - The `semantic_text` field type offers the simplest path with automatic embedding generation and model management
   - Additional implementation options are available for more complex needs
2. [**Multimodal search**](multimodal-search.md) extends vector search across text, images, audio, video, and documents:
   - Use the [`semantic`](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/mapping-reference/semantic-field.md) field type with a multimodal `embedding` endpoint

>    - [Jina multimodal models](/explore-analyze/machine-learning/nlp/ml-nlp-jina.md#jina-multimodal-embeddings) are the recommended starting point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [Jina multimodal models](/explore-analyze/machine-learning/nlp/ml-nlp-jina.md#jina-multimodal-embeddings) are the recommended models to start with
```

## Implementation guides and tutorials [vector-search-workflows]

Elasticsearch provides multiple ways to implement vector, semantic, and multimodal search, depending on how much control you need over embedding generation and retrieval.

> ### Semantic search for text (managed workflows)

Reviewer 2: We could use this opportunity to trim down the links on this page, to focus on the core value stuff and rely on the left-nav for the longer tail stuff like ELSER, Cohere etc.

This [overview section](https://docs-v3-preview.elastic.dev/elastic/docs-content/pull/7706/solutions/search/vector#semantic-search-for-text-managed-workflows) is kinda overwhelming now which is the opposite of what we want in a curated overview :)
